Simon mother of three grown children I
have four grandchildren I love taking
care of myself even at this age and I
think it's so important with the g flex
I find that I don't have to be in the
gym I don't have to adjust weights it's
very easy to install and easy to use
what I really love about G flex also is
that uh I can work out my core really
well and my legs and my buns and my
father which is for women it's really
those are the part of body that i really
think that most women want to work out
so what i can do is i can do a specific
exercise that mainly works up by moving
up and down and then using my arms even
to go up and down and i'm using my legs
of course and and i can change whatever
position i want to really get a feel for
it so ladies I have to ask you what are
the areas that we are most concerned
with thighs butt hello okay the g flex
works all of those areas it makes you be
in the perfect position let me explain
how you put the cardio belt on attached
to it it forces you to stay in the
proper position so that you're not going
left or right forward back so that all
you are focusing on are the muscles that
are your butt that are your thighs I
just I love it it's actually fun to do
lunges I find that using g flex makes me
use my core muscles which are so
important especially after you had three
children this happens now along with
pregnancy but also with age so it is
important to keep those core muscles in
line g flex does that for me the g flex
enables me to actually be lifting more
weight than I would if I were just doing
it with free weights why because you are
using your own body weight so as I'm
leaning back I am using the first on
pounds ok that I way and I'm able to
actually incorporate that much weight
into my workout and I can't tell you how
empowering that is as
woman that's what's really cool about it
is I can change my way around i can make
sure that it's not if it's too hard i
can adjust it to make it less hard and
it's just it's overall it's fun and I
love that it's outside so I can be
outside doing this and talk to people
and just really enjoy it while I'm
working up and it doesn't really feel
like a workout for me when I'm outside
what's so nice about the g flex is that
I can put it in my suitcase I can take
it anywhere I don't have to go and use
the gym facilities at a hotel because it
isn't necessary and that's so wonderful
I'm a runner so I like to be outside you
know doing things outside outdoor stuff
is my thing so I cannot believe that
this little pouch is a portable gym
because I can stop wherever I am and
hook it up and then you know do my
exercises and then continue running and
get my cardio as well so that's what I
really am joyful about this I can take
it anywhere I want g flex is my own
portable gym and I love it
you